Our story begins in the land of St. Linpus on a warm fall evening.
Leaves are turning from shades of green to yellows and oranges of the sunset.
Animals are beginning preparations for the winter.
The waters and air are cooling down from the scorching summer days.
The ruler of St. Linpus, King Jaccobsen (Yak-ob-sen), standing tall and hefty, exudes an aura of power and protection with his darkly tinted beard and lengthy locks of an identical colour.
A courier donning a light blue tunic and trousers as well as muddy old leather boots hurries in to the castle, escorted by armed guards.
Stumbling in tow is a messy drunk in standard peasant attire, though with a belt around his waist and a pair of well-kept boots on his feet, save for the dried puke.
He comes from a neighboring kingdom, Egaria, bearing troubling news.
Townsfolk have been tranforming into mindless monsters, aimlessly wandering and attacking people for no apparent reason.
It is rumored that the powerful, recluse sorcerer, Ahrgon, is up to some shady business.
The courier throws the drunk before him.
The king demands to know how this drunk before him has anything to do with the trouble at hand.
The courier explains that those attacked have been seemingly infected or transformed by an attack of another.
However, this menace to society had survived an attack, and had not transformed.
There are others of which are also immune to being transformed.
These other individuals that are immune are the land's wise men.
The wise men are trying to contain the spread, but with little success.
The drunk, with several bounties on his head, was faced with an ultimatum.
The king states that the drunk must go out and face the monsters, rid the kingdom of this menace.
Otherwise, the drunk would be hung the following day.
The king sent an escort with the drunk, the escort of which tossed him aside once they arrived.
Upon awakening from his drunken slumber, the supposed hero of the story takes in his surroundings.
The hero is within the kingdom of Egaria, the town and kingdom in shambles.
There are monsters running amok and wreaking havoc.
Many buildings are demolished, leaving only remnants of walls and scattered belongings.
These scattered belongings could be worth something.
Perhaps some of these monsters also possess some of these belongings.
Perhaps, also, some of these monsters have money for the taking on their person.
To hell with morals, am I right?
Some merchants and villagepeople have taken refuge in pitched tents.
The wise men are displaced, and require you to answer their riddles to enhance their power.
Once their power reaches its full potential, they may be able to reverse the effect.
Merchants appear to be a bit worse for wear.
Some appear to be selling rather useless junk for the situation they've been placed in.
Others appear to be enjoying themselves, trading small trinkets for a deflating gold.
Medical supplies are strewn about the town.
This is due to a lack of professional medical practice in this time period.
However, with a little intuition, the hero can patch themselves up in a pinch.
Without further ado, the story of our hero must begin.
Good luck, the fate of Egaria and all neighboring lands rely on the hero!
